Describe how to get a stack trace with Symfony (#13699)
symfony/symfony-docs: contributing/code/bugs.rst

* Give as much detail as possible about your environment (OS, PHP version,
  Symfony version, enabled extensions, ...);

> * If there was an exception, please provide the :doc:`stack trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there was an exception and wanted to report it, it is valuabe to provide the :doc:`stack trace
```

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- If there was an exception and wanted to report it, it is valuabe to provide the :doc:`stack trace`
+ If there was an exception and you would like to report it, it is valuable to provide the :doc:`stack trace`
```

How about a different wording and fixed typo?
